rephrase term blocking (#77)
NLESC-JCER/run-cpp-on-web: js-webapp-async/README.md

# Responsive C++ in the browser using web workers

In an [earlier blogpost](../js-webapp/README.md) we discussed how to run C++ code on the web using JavaScript. We
created a web app that executed some C++ code and then showed the result in the browser. While the page was running the

> C++ code, the page was blocked and unresponsive. This wan't noticable, because the computation done in the code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
C++ code, the page was blocked and unresponsive. This was not noticeable, because the computation done in the code

```
